So at this point when we click on each one of these lists, right item, we go to details screen and
nothing is really happening because we don't have information right about what we've just clicked.
So the idea is when we click, we want to pass some data.
In this case, I was just going to pass the title of each one of these movies when they are clicked
to show them here and the details page screen.
So how do you do that?
Well, let's go to our movie navigation here.
So if you look at our composable here, this is the composable that describes the details screen.
Right.
So we call this and then we go to detailed screen.
This easy navigation tree like this is a navigation graph.
So what do we need to do?
It's very simple.
All we have to do is to append, because remember this linking that we have here, this navigation is
mimicking how we navigate in the web.
In case we said, pointing to the double double that blue Google Akam.
And then we go to this route, let's say.
Person, but now, but now that we are in this rude person or rather details screen.
All right, just to give an example.
Now what we want to do is we want to pass some parameters when to pass some information.
So and the way we would have to have something like this is idea is equal.
Thirty four.
So now we're going to pass some data.
This is part of the data we're going to pass.
All we do is to append, as you see here, we're going to append, for example, and then the information
we want.
So that's eight plus and put double quotes for Slash, and then I'm going to put inside of curly braces.
It's very important.
In this case, I'm going to name the value or the variable that's going to be holding the information.
Let's just say movie for now.
Now we also can has more information about this argument that we're passing.
If you hover over in composable, you can see it has the root parameter which would pass.
And then we have the arguments which you see here.
It's going to be a list of named arguments.
Now, if we don't do anything right now, just leave like that.
So we actually add the arguments, right?
It's going to be OK because the default argument type is always going to be string.
However, I'm going to pass it here so that you know how to do, and I will recommend that you do this
whenever, whenever you wanted to pass arguments.
So I said arguments.
In this case, I'm going to make a list of who can pass a list of arguments.
And here once they have arguments.
So this is the type function we're going to pass and it's not here.
I'm going to pass the name of the argument.
The name is going to be movie has to be exactly the same or passed it, the Senate that we passed there.
And after that, I'm going to pass the actual type, someone say type.
Said that two NAF type string type like this and you can see if I say NAF type, you can see if I say
NAF type.
Click there are all these different types within pass.
Right?
For now, this one string type.
So what we're saying here again, is that the arguments that we're expecting is going to be a list,
even though Dallas only has one item that's OK.
I will pass it NAF argument, which is going to be a movie and then the type is going to be a string
type.
OK.
Target.
So at this point, here we are.
We establish this connection, we say we do have the argument we're going to pass, which is going to
be movie and the type is string.
Now, once we get there, they are being inside of detailed screen.
How do we how do we then retrieve that information in this case, the information we're going to be
passing from this argument?
If you look at how alarmed to hear this is the composable that we have here, access to this NAF back
stack entry.
So I'm going to actually put that in your line and say Max stack entry.
So what this is, really it's going to be it will what this is is a veritable that contains the information
we want.
For instance, we can go and get the arguments, values and so forth.
And that's handy because then we can pass that into our detailed screen, which is exactly what we want
in this case.
Here, I can just go ahead and say something like this pack back, string back, stack entry.
I'm going to see arguments.
I have access with arguments and in this case here because it's knowable and just put.
And then I'm going to get string like this.
OK, what string?
I'm going to get the key.
It's going to be movie.
OK.
There it is.
Now we're going to have an issue here because if you have over, we haven't specified in our details.
Let's go ahead and click here.
We need to actually add a parameter to function details screen to say, OK, we are expecting to receive
something in this case, just going to be a string.
So, OK, just click that.
And if you go to details, you can see now that was added there.
So in this case, instead of just string, let's call this OK, this is knowable.
That's why we have the exclamation point.
All right.
So now I can just pass that movie data.
Saying all the data such and because it's not a bill, I'll have to probably surround that or let's
just call to string it, that will solve the problem.
OK, there we have, but we're not done yet because we've set up the mechanism to pass data from homescreen
to details.
Now we have to actually pass the actual data.
Where do we pass that?
Well, remember we have inside of our home screen, inside of our lazy column.
We have more row and we have that lambda.
Whatever we are clicking this case, this is going to be the name of the movie.
In fact, they can change this to say.
Movie night in this case, here I am just going to pass through.
And now we have this navigate, we're passing the route.
Look at this detail screen that name.
That means that I can pass it just like we would do in the web.
I'm going to say plus to concatenate right and then forward slash like this and pass our movie string
here.
Make sure you do add forward slash, because remember, this is almost like a link, right?
Saying that we're passing this argument into our route.
Right.
There it is.
So now let's go ahead and run this.
OK.
Moment of truth.
If I click Avatar, oops, it looks like we were having some issues.
Let's go to Iran and see what the problem might be.
Looks like unsupported exception arrays don't support default values.
Maybe I passed the wrong.
You're right.
This is the problem.
This is supposed to be string type, not that string array.
I had it before, but I think I'm I mistyped and I did the wrong type.
That's the problem, right?
But says arrays don't support default values.
There was a problem.
It would be good.
Types are very important.
OK, let's go ahead and run again.
This time, we should hopefully be able to see good results.
Click 300.
There it is.
And let's click Harry Potter.
OK, so we are able to pass information through our navigation, which is really exciting.
Now you can see you can do all sorts of things right.
The idea is, for instance, if this were an object, a moving object, it would have more than just
a title.
Then we would pass to Andy.
And then when we get here, get ready and get now the object information more fields and we can't populate
here to create the sense that to create that detailed speech.
And here what we can do is put that inside of a surface.
And.
Put that inside there.
Remove all of that and.
Pass the modifier.
Max height.
Max width, OK.
And then we can make this, perhaps, let's say.
Give her a style, say, material
theme typography as Page Five, that's fine.
And if he wanted, we can just put this inside of a column.
And get all of that and put in the middle there, say horizontal alignment, center, horizontal and
vertical arrangement.
I want that to be center, right?
This is just play at this point to see what we can get here.
And there you have it.
So now it's in the middle there.
All right.
This is real good.
Let's go back happiness and we are passing the correct data.